# Border Tracker using a Neural Network in C++

In this repository I have added files which 
1) Data Extraction - Extract country name from geo-coordinates of points(neighbouring the Indo-Pak border) using Geonames Webservices.
2) Neural Network in C++ - Implement a simple Neural Network coded in C++ trained on the above data.
3) Alert Generator - Raise alert using the network if points are detected too close to the border.
4) Plotting Points - Also added files to generate code that runs on GNU Octave for visualizing the points. The site https://octave-online.net/ can also be used to run the code in the browser itself.

Data Extraction
i) Start Point for Border - Required for ii) and iii) to find starting point of border and vertices of area where sample will be collected respectively
ii) Trace Border - Points along the border are printed to find a suitable place to train network
iii) Point Generator - Generates points for training and testing samples.
	
Neural Network in C++
i) domainConv.cpp - preprocesses the training sample to get rid of unnecessary part of lattiude and longitude
ii) border_NN.cpp - Implementation of neural network to be trained
iii) shuffler.cpp - can be used to reshuffle training data(trainer.txt)
	
Alert Generator
i) prepTester.cpp - prepares testing data(the country codes are removed)
ii) minmax.cpp - minimum and maximum latitudes for training data are found(required for converting back from preprocessed data)
iii) calcMan - detects the points from testing sample which are too close to the border(weights from border_NN.cpp used)
	
Sample Files for convenience
i) weights.txt, weightsCopy.txt, wrongOutputs.txt, wrongOutputsCopy.txt are all generated by border_NN.cpp. The first two contain the trained weights, while the last two are list of points that give wrong predictions.
ii) unprocessedTrainer.txt is input to domainConv.cpp and its ouput is stored in trainer.txt, which is input to border_NN.cpp.
iii) unprocessedTester.txt is input to prepTester.cpp and its ouput is stored in tester.txt, which is input to calcMan.cpp. calcMan.cpp stores the points on alert in alertFile.txt.
	
Octave - Plotting Points
i) pravmat.cpp - takes in a copy of alertFile.txt and generates a list of commands for Octave which are redirected and stored in prav.txt
ii) pravmatCoun.cpp - takes in a copy of unprocessedTrainer.txt and generates a list of commands for Octave which are redirected and stored in prav.txt
